chore(css): Move CSS examples - Logical properties, multicol, overflow, scroll snap (#36730)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_logical_properties_and_values/floating_and_positioning/index.md

The physical values used with the {{cssxref("float")}} and {{cssxref("clear")}} properties are `left`, `right` and `both`. The CSS logical properties and values module defines the values `inline-start` and `inline-end` as mappings for `left` and `right`.

In the example below, the first box is floated with `float: left`, and the second with `float: inline-start`.

> If you apply `direction: rtl` to the `.inner` element, the left-floated box always stays on the left, whereas the `inline-start`-floated item follows the `direction` of the text.
> You can also try `writing-mode: vertical-rl` to see the difference this makes to the direction of block layout in combination with text `direction` values:

Author: ```suggestion
If you apply `direction: rtl` to the `.inner` selector, the left-floated box always stays on the left, whereas the `inline-start`-floated item follows the `direction` of the text.
You can combine this with `writing-mode: vertical-rl` to see the difference of block layout in combination with `direction` values.
```

> This example has two boxes — the first has the box floated with `float: left`, the second with `float: inline-start`. If you change the `writing-mode` to `vertical-rl` or the `direction` to `rtl` you will see that the left-floated box always sticks to the left, whereas the `inline-start`-floated item follows the `direction` and `writing-mode`.

Reviewer: The instructions here are a little bit confusing — changing the `writing-mode` to `vertical-rl` doesn't have any noticeably different effect on the two floated boxes. It is really `direction` that has an effect here. Maybe change the instructions to tell the reader to add `direction: rtl` to the `.inner` ruleset and observe the effect.

Author: True, I see what you mean, the prose doesn't match the example. Your suggestion is nice, thank you!

Author: Added something in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36730/commits/d99b08eeec4b1f1645f6d7b2ace2b5ee332b1e91 which I think is a little better, what do you think?

Author: Thanks, Chris. I'm going to merge this one now. If you've other comments I can also improve in follow-up PRs.
